[Music]
when a laptop runs out of juice before
you've managed to get a fair few decent
hours out of it it's frustrating to say
the least but ASA may very well have the
answer to your battery life woes with
its new energy-efficient timeline series
specifically this 15.4 inch model
otherwise known as the gemstone or the
58 10 t now we get the feeling that the
name timeline alludes to its battery
life as a so tell us it will provide
eight hours of battery on a single
charge of course this depends what kind
of tasks you throw it I got around six
and a half hours and I watched a movie
and I worked on it for half a day so
it's still pretty decent and while
excellent battery life claims usually
mean an unsightly bulge at the back of
your laptop it's good to note that this
isn't the case with this six cell
battery at 24 millimeters thick it's
just a tad thicker than Dells XPS M 1530
range and it's this slimline design that
makes it just that little bit more
desirable now here we have an LED
backlit display and you'll be able to
reduce the power consumption by
switching it to aces power smart mode
allowing you to get the best from your
battery while sipping on that latte at
Starbucks the basic idea behind this
mode is to reduce the backlight with
minimal effects on brightness which it
does quite nicely now along the top we
have a few inconspicuous touch sensitive
controls including Wi-Fi access to aces
backup manager and access to the power
smart mode we also have a full keyboard
complete with a numeral called keypad
and a multi-touch trackpad Allah Apple's
MacBook underneath the shell it's a
vista powered machine that packs an
ultra-low voltage 1.4 or 1.6 gigahertz
Intel Core 2 Duo processor optional
WiMAX or 3G and up to a 500 gig hard
drive as well as support for 64 or 80
gig SSD as well as that there's 2gig of
RAM which is upgradeable to eight and a
pleasing amount of connectivity for USB
ports VGA out and HDMI port as well as
that it comes with asus Crystal Eye
webcam and an optical drive one of the
most notable features of the time line
is the intel lamina wall jet cooling
technology and this system has been
designed to enhance user experience by
redirecting the cooling system to the
underside saving your legs from
third-degree burns and apparently making
it six degrees cooler than anything on
the market now the 13 and 14
models they start at around 550 pounds
or as this model at the gemstone a 15
inch I will start at around 580 so not
only is it good-looking it's pretty
decent value for money too